### November 8 (update #4) ###

New members:

* Airbeam
* Akamai
* Ehiweb
* Enter
* Eolo
* Facebook
* Fastweb
* Fiber Telecom 
* IP Telecom
* Next.it
* Panservice
* Parvati
* SiPortal
* Sky Italia
* Tiscali Italia (pending connection)
* Unidata
* Videobyte (pending configuration)
* WARIAN
* Xmatica

Since our last update in March:

* Loris Marcovati joined the MINAP NOC team.
* The route servers have been renumbered from AS64725 to AS43369.
* The configurations for new members and MAC address changes are now 
  automatically generated. The code and templates are available from 
  <https://github.com/rfc1036/minap>.
* The ARP sponge has been better tuned to prevent it being triggered by 
  outages that are not actually threatening the platform stability.
* We worked with a member to debug a very high level of duplicated ARP 
  requests generated by their router: most unused IPs are now sponged by 
  default, as a workaround for this alleged bug.
* We replaced the Seeweb POP switch due to an hardware failure.

In progress:

* rs2 will be moved to the Telnet datacenter, for real this time.
* The CDLAN-Telnet fiber circuit needed to close the peering LAN ring 
  and provide better redundancy is being installed.
* www.minap.it will soon be restyled.
* L2 blackholing (RS support is still missing, no clear members demand).
* Formally joining the MANRS IXP initiative (no significant changes are
  needed, except for some documentation improvements).


### March 30 (update #3) ###

New members:

* Cloudflare (pending cross-connect)
* Enter (pending cross-connect)
* Eolo (pending cross-connect)
* Google (pending cross-connect)
* Hurricane Electric
* KPNQWest Italia (pending cross-connect)
* Naquadria
* Netflix (pending cross-connect)
* Prometeus
* Sirius Technology (pending cross-connect)
* Unidata (pending cross-connect)

Since our last update in February:

* The Enter POP has been turned up.
* The looking glass in the IXP manager portal has been enabled.
* Some documentation has been added to the IXP manager portal.
* The route servers support mapping 32 bit ASNs to 16 bit communities,
  for members with no large BGP communities support.
* Support for the well known graceful shutdown community (GSHUT) has been
  implemented in the route servers.
* rs1 has been migrated to a new server.
* All ports have been converted from port security to static L2 MAC ACLs.

In progress:

* rs2 will be moved to the Telnet datacenter.
* L2 blackholing (RS support is still missing).

Future:

* The KPNQWest Italia DC1 POP has not been reinstalled yet, and currently
  it is not clear if it will ever be.
* New features for the route servers.
* Redundancy for the backbone.


### June 12 (update #3) ###

New members:

* Cloudflare
* Enter (pending configuration)
* Eolo (pending configuration)
* Facebook (pending cross-connect)
* Google
* KPNQWest Italia
* Netflix
* Parvati
* SiPortal (pending configuration)
* Sirius Technology
* Unidata (pending configuration)
* Videobyte (pending cross-connect)
* Warian

Beware: some of the new members either do not peer with the route
servers or announce selected routes to them, hence you should consider
if direct BGP sessions are needed. When such behaviour is known to MINAP
staff it is documented on <https://www.minap.it/members/>.

Since our last update in March:

* The AMS-IX automatic ARP sponge has been installed.
* A traffic weathermap is available on <https://manager.minap.it/>.
* The link to the Telnet POP has been upgraded to our standard backbone
  capacity.

In progress:

* More members are getting ready to connect!
* rs2 will be moved to the Telnet datacenter.
* L2 blackholing (RS support is still missing).
* Formally joining the MANRS IXP initiative (no significant changes are
  needed, except for some documentation improvements).

We started publishing the custom software written for MINAP with the
configuration generator for edge switch interfaces:
<https://github.com/rfc1036/minap/>.


### February 15 (update #2) ###

New members:

* Altitud
* Enter (pending)
* Hurricane Electric (pending)
* ITGate

Since our last update in September:

* The new switches have been installed, with 10GE ports and a 40GE backbone.
* We received new IPv4 and IPv6 allocations for the peering LAN.
* The CDLAN POP has been turned up.
* The awesome IXP Manager has been installed, providing traffic graphs
  and more future features.

In progress:

* The Enter POP will probably be operative by the end of the month,
  pending delivery of the switch.
* rs1 will be migrated to a new server.
* rs2 will be moved to the Telnet datacenter.

Future:

* The KPNQWest Italia DC1 POP has not been reinstalled yet, and currently
  it is not obvious if it will be soon.
* New features for the route servers.
* Looking glass.
* Redundancy for the backbone.

The current sponsors are:

* Switches and colocation: Seeweb, Metrolink, Telnet, CDLAN, Enter.
* 40GE optics: TWT.
* Route server 2: Marco d'Itri.

