### March 10 (update #11) ###

New members:

* Aruba
* Level7

Members that left:

* Qcom, acquired by a non-member

Since our last update in January:

* The route servers can negotiate the BGP ADD-PATH feature.
* The route servers impose the max-prefix limit configured by each
  member in PeeringDB.
* Implemented support for the "never via route servers" PeeringDB flag.
  The check has been temporarily disabled for Hurrican Electric because
  it would reject too many of their routes: this needs to be
  investigated further.
* The route servers configuration generator has been switched from bgpq3
  to [bgpq4](https://github.com/bgp/bgpq4).
  This appears to have fixed frequent timeouts.
* The quarantine VLAN route servers have been upgraded to BIRD 2 and 
  their reliability generally improved.
* The members' routers are ICMP-monitored with Prometheus and 
  blackbox_exporter.
* Routes are tagged with the standard 43369:1003:*$RTT* community.

In progress:

* Implementing RTT-based traffic engineering communities.

TODO:

* Enable BFD on the RS (may require a future release of BIRD).
* Migrate rs2 to BIRD 2 (probably after Debian 11 will be frozen).

Stalled:

* We have a new design for www.minap.it, which still needs to be cleaned
  up and integrated.


### January 27 (update #10) ###

The MINAP route servers recently received upgrades and many new 
features. Please remember that the route servers are documented in
<https://manager.minap.it/public-content/rs>.
A copy of the route servers configuration template is available from
<https://github.com/rfc1036/rpsltool/blob/master/examples/routeserver/minap-bird.tt2>.

The redesign allows the route servers to safely accept more prefixes:
we recommend that you configure max-prefix on the MINAP route servers 
BGP sessions to 90000 (IPv4) and 35000 (IPv6)

New members:

* Level7 (pending)
* Navigabene
* Nexim Italia
* Orakom
* Terrecablate

Since our last update in September:

* rs1 upgraded to Debian/testing and migrated to BIRD 2.
* RPKI validation implemented on rs1.
* Implemented route servers communities for selective prepending.
* Redesigned the configuration of BIRD: this allows the looking glass
  to show which routes have been rejected and why.
* Updated the peer locking AS numbers list, also with networks relevant
  in Italy (regional peer lock).
* Plans for L2 blackholing support have been dropped due incomplete 
  implementation of L2 ACLs by our Cisco switches.

In progress:

* Implementing support for the "never via route servers" flag.
* Implementing latency-based traffic engineering communities.
* Implementing dynamic max-prefix.

TODO:

* Migrate rs2 to BIRD 2 (probably after Debian 11 will have been frozen).

Stalled:

* We have a new design for www.minap.it, which still needs to be cleaned
  up and integrated.

