### October 28 (update #17) ###

Over the last month we used the new Arista DCS-7050CX3-32S switches to
convert the core network to EVPN-VXLAN, and changed a bit the topology
to better reflect the available circuits and the backbone capacity
planning.
Thank to EVPN we can also use with perfect load balancing multiple 100GE
L3 circuits between POPs.

Some of the old switches do not support EVPN, so they have been
connected as leafs with plain L2 links. An interesting side effect is
that now their traffic to members over LAG ports is much better
balanced.
As usual, the current topology is displayed on the
[MINAP weathermap page](https://manager.minap.it/weathermap/weathermap.html).

Now we would like to replace the old Catalyst C3850-48XS switches,
which are used to provide 10GE ports, with a platform having similar
capacity but better security in terms of ACLs and rate limiting and
sflow support. I.e. 24 or 48 10GE ports and two 40GE or 100GE uplinks.

New members:

* Comeser
* Fibersix
* NetIX (pending)
* Novaconn
* OVH (pending)

Since our last update in July:

* The new switches have been installed in the Metrolink, Seeweb and
  Telnet POPs.
* The network has been converted from VPLS to EVPN-VXLAN.
* 100GE ports are available in all POPs and we have free capacity
  again for new members and upgrades.
* We developed a digital twin of MINAP's L3 routing as seen by the route
  servers, that will assist with the future switch to OpenBGPD.

TODO:

* Convert rs2 from BIRD to OpenBGPD.
* Implement an sflow-based traffic matrix.
* Design a full mesh POP to POP latency monitoring infrastructure.
* Implement RTT-based traffic engineering communities.

### July 5 (update #16) ###

New members:

* 4ISP
* CDN77
* HatHost
* Karsolink
* Marconi Solutions
* Multi Service
* OneCom Global Communications
* Sky TV
* Uno Communications

Members that left:

* JCOM (has left the campus)

Since our last update in June 2023:

* rs1 has been moved to the new server provided by myloc and upgraded
  to Debian 12.
* Thanks to a generous member, MINAP now has three new 32x100GE switches.

TODO:

* Convert the network from VPLS to VXLAN.
* Install the new switches and review the topology.
* Convert rs2 from BIRD to OpenBGPD.
* Implement RTT-based traffic engineering communities.

